A perfect gem is twice as beautiful.
Sitting down can have unexpected results.
Don't pry into the affairs of others.
Drinking can be hazardous to your health.
Beware of the gusher!
Some monsters are greedy.
Nymphs have light fingers.
Try kissing a disenchantress!
Hammers and brains don't mix.
What does a potion of cure dianthroritis taste like?
Hit point gain when raising a level depends on constitution.
Healing a mighty wizard can be exhilarating.
Be sure to pay your taxes.
Are monsters afraid of something?
Some dragons can fly.
Dost thou strive for perfection?
Patience is a virtue unless your daughter dies.
What can the amulet of larn see for its guardian?
A level-25 player casts like crazy!
Spells not regenerating? You need more energy!
My, aren't you clever!
Difficulty affects regeneration.
Control of the pesky spirits is most helpful.
Watch out for trap doors!
Strength allows you to carry more.
Never enter the caverns naked! The monsters will laugh at you!
Did someone put itching powder in your armor?
You klutz!
Avoid opening doors - you never know what's on the other side.
Infinite regeneration is temptation.
The most powerful scroll isn't for sale.
Identify things before you use them.
There's more than one way through a wall.
Who is tougher than a demon prince?
Slayer has a grudge.
It is said that the king is never far from his throne.
Staring in the eye might make you freeze.
The altar reveals the truth.
Wealth is a burden.
No armour can protect against fire.
The sharper the blade the deeper the cut.
You only live twice.
The amulet of power protects against demons attacks.
The culprit always returns to the scene of crime.
Some of the best items can't be bought in a shop.
Larnian hot dogs are REALLY hot!
Royal monsters don't sleep.
What would a vampire see if it looked into a mirror?
Why would you want to destroy a statue?
Taking a nap in the caverns? You must be crazy!
Blessed items are more valuable.
Tell me if you find any treasure in the caverns, will you?
Have you found the potion yet?
